# CS-330-Computer-Graphics---Visualization
How do I approach designing software? & How Do I approach developing programs?

I like to write everything out on paper first and sit down and think about what the end goal or results should look like when initially starting a project of this capacity.  I have never dealt with 3D graphics before so this was definitely something I had to approach differently. While developing the project, I broke each part of the scene down and then tested exhaustively to ensure things were working correctly following any adjustments or additions made to the code.  Approaching things in an iterative nature and constantly breaking down each aspect will help ensure I design programs that are as error free as possible, are modular and portable.  

Since we had to apply new concepts each week to a different scene with one object, then take those skills and apply it to our own scene with multiple objects, it was difficult initially, but applying the code and logic first to one object helped when trying to apply it to my scene with multiple objects.  It also became challenging as the class progressed because we began to manage larger and larger amounts of code and each new function added could effect the placement of already positioned objects.  This is where testing and running my code multiple times to be helpful.

How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?

The computer science curriculum continues to provide me with an ever evolving skillset that helps prepare me to properly design and implement techniques to develop quality applications/software. It has provided me with a completely different view and approach to developing software regardless of what technologies I am working with.  I plan to utilize these skills in future endeavors to solve any problems I may meet in my remaining academic pathway and my future career pathway. 
In regards to computer graphics and visualization specifically, completion of this course will help me reach my educational pathway goals but currently I do not see myself pursuing this further in the future, at least at this moment in time.  I do value the skills I have gained from this course and it is another "tool" in the "toolbox" that I will use in the future if need be.  
